#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=docs/requirements.txt --strip-extras docs/requirements.in
#
babel==2.14.0
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   linkchecker
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   readtime
cairocffi==1.6.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cairocffi
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via cairosvg
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via linkchecker
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==0.40.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
htmlmin2==0.1.13
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
idna==3.6
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
linkchecker==10.4.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pyquery
markdown==3.5.2
    # via
    #   markdown-include
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-exec==1.8.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
markdown-include==0.8.1
    # via mkdocs-ansible
markdown2==2.4.12
    # via readtime
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.5.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs-ansible
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-minify-plugin
    #   mkdocs-monorepo-plugin
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-ansible==24.2.1
    # via -r docs/requirements.in
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin==1.0.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
mkdocs-material==9.2.6
    # via mkdocs-ansible
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-ansible
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-minify-plugin==0.8.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
mkdocs-monorepo-plugin==1.1.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
mkdocstrings==0.24.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-ansible
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.8.0
    # via mkdocs-ansible
packaging==23.2
    # via mkdocs
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   mkdocs-ansible
pipdeptree==2.7.1
    # via mkdocs-ansible
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.0.1
    # via
    #   markdown-exec
    #   mkdocs-ansible
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyquery==2.0.0
    # via readtime
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via ghp-import
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via mkdocs-monorepo-plugin
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
readtime==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs-material
regex==2023.12.25
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   linkchecker
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via mkdocs
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
